I was vegan for nearly seven years so
obviously now I'm eating a very animal
food based diet and I'm not going to get
into all of the the health and the
environmental and the ethics
[Music]
but each of these were one you are 68
euros of that and I got living on but up
that one is the 100% butter that I can
find here a lot of the time that's with
vegetable oils but this one is under
percent self the ethics and the morals
that's gonna oh actually Sean back you
can talk to him you can watch his
channel in his Instagram again and also
with Bobbi as well you know they get a
lot into the psychology which blends
well with the ethics of you know how we
live our lives and you know it's up to
the individual I suggest what you know
watching a little bit of airs and then
doing your own sort of meditating on
that and seeing how you you think and
you feel
[Music]
it would be dishonest if I were to now
say that Jason Posey know were one of
the worst vegan activists that ever
worked with when I look back at my
experience talking to hundreds of
hundreds and hundreds of vegan activists
around the world must be must be more
than a thousand by now it might be more
than 2,000 you know what the truth is
Jason Pacino was one of the best I am
NOT gonna tell you that he was insincere
before and that you know his recent
conversion to being a meat-eater shows
who he really was all along I think he
was sincere and well-intentioned before
and I think he is probably sincere and
well-intentioned now the explanation is
stupidity stupidity is real and it's
dangerous and many of us grow up in a
culture where we're told don't judge
don't judge don't look down on someone
for being stupid don't think you love
someone for being stupid don't even kind
of adjust your expectations on the basis
and what being stupid many people have
asked me why it is that I oppose
specific activist groups very often
lately you know direct action everywhere
led by a guy named Wayne young and
sometimes my answer really is I oppose
this group because I know the leader is
stupid I've read his work I've seen his
YouTube videos sometimes have
communicated back and forth a little bit
with these people over the years
um stupidity is real and it isn't
something harmless and static it's not
something easily contained it doesn't
sit like a little figurine on your shelf
oh yeah yeah that's stupidity it's no
problem
stupidity is like a fire in the
wastepaper basket of your office it's
fast-moving and dangerous and
destructive
and unpretty unpredictable unpredictable
is really the most important thing here
you can't trust someone if they're
unpredictable you can't mean what does
it really mean to trust someone it means
you trust their judgment and you can
never really have that kind of trust
when you have no respect for someone's
judgment when you fundamentally regard
the decisions they're making as stupid
even if they have the best of intentions
even if they're sincere
Jason Posey know has quit the vegan
movement leaving it know people like to
disrespect my truth but the fact is that
you know my name is I don't know